src/index.md, before:

---
layout: home

title: Bambi
titleTemplate: HMS Boston Area Minority Business Informatics

hero:
  name: Bambi
  text: Boston Area Minority Business Informatics
  tagline: A collection of Harvard Medical School scientists interested in volunteering our technical skills to support local minority-owned/serving organizations.
  actions:
    - theme: brand
      text: Contact
      link: /contact
    - theme: alt
      text: Portfolio
      link: /portfolio

features:
  - title: 🚀 Goal
    details: "We seek to empower Boston-area organizations to better achieve their aims, including but not limited to, growing a business developing investor materials, and engaging customers."
  - title: 💻 Technical expertise
    details: Our expertise is in data management, visualization, and communication. Possible projects might include, redesigning or creating a website, visualizing internal data, developing spreadsheets to track organizational data.
  - title: ✨ Committments
    details: We commit to providing sustainable, tech-accessible, long-term solutions that suit your needs. We commit to never charging a fee, and dedicating ourselves to help you and your organization grow.
---

Commit message:

feat: remove commitment to never charging fees

src/index.md, after:

---
layout: home

title: Bambi
titleTemplate: HMS Boston Area Minority Business Informatics

hero:
  name: Bambi
  text: Boston Area Minority Business Informatics
  tagline: A collection of Harvard Medical School scientists interested in volunteering our technical skills to support local minority-owned/serving organizations.
  actions:
    - theme: brand
      text: Contact
      link: /contact
    - theme: alt
      text: Portfolio
      link: /portfolio

features:
  - title: 🚀 Goal
    details: "We seek to empower Boston-area organizations to better achieve their aims, including but not limited to, growing a business developing investor materials, and engaging customers."
  - title: 💻 Technical expertise
    details: Our expertise is in data management, visualization, and communication. Possible projects might include, redesigning or creating a website, visualizing internal data, developing spreadsheets to track organizational data.
  - title: ✨ Committments
    details: We commit to providing sustainable, tech-accessible, long-term solutions that suit your needs. We do not charge fees, and are solely dedicated to helping you and your organization grow.
---
